feat(tutorials): add tutorial for large payload transfer int-add-mnq-… (#2636)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/large-messages/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Set up a serverless architecture for handling large messages using Scaleway's NATS, Serverless Functions, and Object Storage.
  description: This page show an example of serverless architecture for asynchronous file conversion based on messages, functions, and triggers.
content:

>   h1: Create a serverless architecture that manage large messages, with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing NATS, Serverless Functions and Object Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: Create a serverless architecture for handling large messages using Scaleway's NATS, Serverless Functions, and Object Storage..
```

  paragraph: This page show an example of serverless architecture for asynchronous file conversion based on messages, functions, and triggers.
categories:
  - messaging
  - functions
  - object-storage
tags: message nats serverless serverless-functions functions serverless-triggers triggers storage object-storage terraform large-messages
dates:
  validation: 2024-01-22
  posted: 2024-01-22
---

> # Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introduction
```

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />
 

> <Message type="requirement">
>   - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
>   - You have [set up authentication for the Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs#authentication)
> </Message>

Reviewer 2: Doubled by the the block below
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Yes, please remove this whole block

> In this tutorial, we will build a simple architecture to store and automatically convert images to PDF. The focus is on transferring large messages using a messaging service, specifically the NATS server from Scaleway. Our setup involves using the Object Storage service for image storage and the Serverless Function service for conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will build a simple architecture to store and automatically convert images to PDF. The focus is on transferring large messages using a messaging service, specifically the [Scaleway Messaging and Queuing](/serverless/messaging/quickstart/) NATS server. Our setup involves using the [Object Storage](/storage/object/quickstart) service for image storage and the [Serverless Functions](/serverless/functions/quickstart/) service for conversion.
```

> We show how to provision all the required Scaleway resources via Terraform, but you can also use the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/login), the [API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/) or one of our other supported [developer tools](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We show how to provision all the required Scaleway resources via Terraform, but you can also use the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/login), the [API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/) or one of our other supported [developer tools](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/).
```

You can retrieve the full source code in [this repository](https://github.com/rouche-q/serverless-examples/tree/main/projects/large-messages/README.md), so you can choose to either jump straight into the code, or else follow along with the step-by-step explanation below to create the architecture yourself.

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)

>   - You have [Terraform](/developer-tools/terraform/quickstart/) installed on your local machine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - You have [Terraform](/developer-tools/terraform/quickstart/) installed on your local machine
  - You have [set up authentication for the Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs#authentication
```

  - You have [Docker](/tutorials/install-docker-ubuntu-bionic/) installed on your local machine
  - You have [NATS CLI](https://github.com/nats-io/natscli) installed on your local machine
  - You have [AWS CLI configured with Scaleway credentials](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/storage/object/api-cli/object-storage-aws-cli/#how-to-install-the-aws-cli)
</Message>

## Architecture

<Lightbox src="scaleway-large-messages-architecture.webp" alt="" />

This tutorial's architecture is very simple, consisting of two main components:

> 1. A producer implemented as a shell script responsible for uploading an image to the Object Storage bucket and sending a message to the NATS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A producer implemented as a shell script responsible for uploading an image to the Object Storage bucket and sending a message to the NATS server.
```

> 2. A consumer implemented as a serverless Python function designed to receive the message, parse it, extract the image URL, download it from the bucket, convert it to a PDF, and then re-upload the resulting PDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A consumer implemented as a serverless Python function designed to receive the message, parse it, extract the image URL, download it from the bucket, convert it to a PDF, and then re-upload the resulting PDF.
```

Three essential services are required to ensure everything is working together:

- An Object Storage bucket for storing the image file.

> - A NATS server responsible for receiving and dispatching messages sent by our producer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Messaging and Queuing NATS server responsible for receiving and dispatching messages sent by our producer.
```

- A triggering mechanism in NATS that forwards the message to our consumer.

## Prepare the infrastructure

> 1. Create a `main.tf` file and paste the following code to import the necessary providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `main.tf` file, which we will use to provision all our Scaleway resources and infrastructure. Paste the following code to import the necessary providers.
```

>     ```terraform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Message type="tip">
    Remember that you can refer to the [code repository](https://github.com/rouche-q/serverless-examples/tree/main/projects/large-messages/README.md) to check all code files.
    </Message>
    ```terraform
```

    terraform {
      required_providers {
        scaleway = {
          source = "scaleway/scaleway"
        }
        null = {
          source = "hashicorp/null"
        }
        random = {
          source = "hashicorp/random"
        }
        archive = {
          source = "hashicorp/archive"
        }
      }
      required_version = ">= 0.13"
    }
    ```
    The Scaleway provider is needed, but also three providers from HashiCorp that we will use later in the tutorial.

> 2. Include two variables to enable the secure passage of your Scaleway credentials. Then initialize the Scaleway provider in the `fr-par-1` region..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Include two variables to enable the secure passage of your Scaleway credentials. Then initialize the Scaleway provider in the `fr-par-1` region.
```

    ```

3. Create a `terraform.tfvars` file and add your Scaleway access key and access key id to it.
    ```terraform
    scw_access_key_id     = "YOUR_SCW_SECRET_KEY_ID"
    scw_secret_access_key = "YOUR_SCW_SECRET_KEY"
    ```

4. Continuing in the `main.tf` file, add the following Terraform code to create an Object Storage bucket that will be used for storing your images.
    ```terraform
    resource "random_id" "bucket" {
      byte_length = 8
    }

    resource "scaleway_object_bucket" "large_messages" {
      name = "large-messages-${random_id.bucket.hex}"
    }

    resource "scaleway_object_bucket_acl" "large_messages" {
      bucket = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.id
      acl    = "private"
    }

    output "bucket_name" {
      value       = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.name
      description = "Bucket name to use with the producer script"
    }
    ```
    In this code, the resource `random_id.bucket` generates a random ID, which is then passed to the object bucket to ensure its uniqueness. Additionally, a `scaleway_object_bucket_acl` ACL is applied to the bucket, setting it to private and outputting the bucket name for use in your producer.

> 5. Add these resources to create a NATS account and your NATS credential file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add these resources to create a NATS account and your NATS credentials file:
```

    ```terraform
    resource "scaleway_mnq_nats_account" "large_messages" {
      name = "nats-acc-large-messages"
    }

    resource "scaleway_mnq_nats_credentials" "large_messages" {
      name       = "nats-large-messages-creds"
      account_id = scaleway_mnq_nats_account.large_messages.id
    }

    resource "local_file" "nats_credential" {
      content         = scaleway_mnq_nats_credentials.large_messages.file
      filename        = "large-messages.creds"
      file_permission = 644
    }

    output "nats_url" {
      value       = scaleway_mnq_nats_account.large_messages.endpoint
      description = "NATS url to use with the producer script"
    }
    ```

>     We also output the NATS server url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We also output the NATS server URL.
```

> 6. You can run `terraform init` and `terraform apply` to create the resources in your Scaleway account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Run `terraform init` and `terraform apply` to create the resources in your Scaleway account. 
```

## Create the producer

As mentioned earlier, the producer will be implemented as a straightforward shell script.

1. Create a file named `upload_img.sh`. Inside it, define two variables using Terraform commands to retrieve the bucket name and the NATS URL.
    ```bash
    SCW_BUCKET="$(terraform output bucket_name)"
    SCW_NATS_URL="$(terraform output nats_url)"
    ```

2. Configure the NATS CLI with the NATS URL and the credentials file.
    ```bash
    nats context save large-messages --server=$SCW_NATS_URL --creds=./large-messages.creds
    nats context select large-messages
    ```

>     Our script take the file path that we want to upload as first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Our script takes the file path that we want to upload as the first parameter.
```

> To upload the file, we will use the AWS CLI configured with the Scaleway endpoint and credentials, because the Scaleway Object storage is fully compliant with S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To upload the file, we will use the AWS CLI configured with the Scaleway endpoint and credentials, because Scaleway Object storage is fully compliant with S3.
    
```

3. Pass the path to the AWS CLI command as follows:
    ```bash
    aws s3 cp $1 s3://$SCW_BUCKET
    ```

4. Paste the following command into the script to have it send a message to your NATS server, including the name of the uploaded file.
    ```bash
    nats pub large-messages $(basename $1)
    ```

## Create the consumer

We continue using the Scaleway ecosystem and deploy the consumer using a Serverless Function in Python.

> 1. Create a folder `function`, inside the folder create another folder `handler` with a file named `large_messages.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a folder `function`. Inside the folder, create another folder `handler` with a file named `large_messages.py`.
```

2. In addition to the `handler` folder, create a `requirements.txt` file. Your directory structure should resemble the following:

>     You should have a structure like that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You should have a structure like the following:
```

    ```
    function/
    ├── handler/
    │   └── large_messages.py
    └── requirements.txt
    ```

3. In the `requirements.txt` add:
    ```
    boto3
    img2pdf
    ```
    Within the serverless function, we use two Python libraries. First, `boto3` is configured similarly to AWS CLI, enabling the download and upload of files to the bucket. Second, `img2pdf` is used to convert our image into a PDF format.

> 4. Next create the code of your function. In the file `large_messages.py`, import the libraries that we need and create a empty handler function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Next create the code of your function. In the file `large_messages.py`, import the libraries that we need and create an empty handler function.
```

    ```terraform
    resource "scaleway_function" "large_messages" {
      namespace_id = scaleway_function_namespace.large_messages.id
      runtime      = "python311"
      handler      = "handler/large_messages.handle"
      privacy      = "private"
      zip_file     = "function.zip"
      zip_hash     = data.archive_file.function_zip.output_sha256
      deploy       = true
      memory_limit = "2048"
      environment_variables = {
        ENDPOINT_URL  = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.api_endpoint
        BUCKET_REGION = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.region
        BUCKET_NAME   = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.name
      }
      secret_environment_variables = {
        ACCESS_KEY_ID     = var.scw_access_key_id
        SECRET_ACCESS_KEY = var.scw_secret_access_key
      }

      depends_on = [data.archive_file.function_zip]
    }
    ```
    The code sets up the function and connects it to the namespace. It tells the system to use Python version 3.11 and specifies which part of the Python file should run (the handler). It also adds important information, like environment variables and secrets, that our function will need to work correctly.

>     Essential environment variables and secret to use in our function logic are also added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Essential environment variables and secrets to use in our function logic are also added.
```

8. Create the function trigger to "wake up" the function when a NATS message come in.
    ```terraform
    resource "scaleway_function_trigger" "large_messages" {
      function_id = scaleway_function.large_messages.id
      name        = "large-messages-trigger"
      nats {
        account_id = scaleway_mnq_nats_account.large_messages.id
      subject    = "large-messages"
      } 
    } 
    ```

>     It define which account id and subject to observe for getting messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It defines which account ID and subject to observe for getting messages.
```

9. Go back to `large_messages.py` and get the environment variables outside the `hamdler` function
    ```python
    endpoint_url = os.getenv("ENDPOINT_URL")
    bucket_region = os.getenv("BUCKET_REGION")
    bucket_name = os.getenv("BUCKET_NAME")
    access_key_id = os.getenv("ACCESS_KEY_ID")
    secret_access_key = os.getenv("SECRET_ACCESS_KEY")
    ```

> 10. Get the input file name from the body, define the PDF file name from this and set up the s3 client to upload the file with Scaleway credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Get the input file name from the body, define the PDF file name from this, and set up the s3 client to upload the file with Scaleway credentials.
```

---
meta:

>   title: Create a serverless architecture that manage large messages, with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing NATS, Serverless Functions and Object Storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  title: Set up a serverless architecture for handling large messages using Scaleway's NATS, Serverless Functions, and Object Storage.
```
@RoRoJ Don't know if this makes sense?

Reviewer: I think we still need Messaging & Queuing in there as the product name... how about

Set up a serverless architecture for handling large messages using Scaleway's Messaging & Queuing: NATS, Serverless Functions, and Object Storage.

>   description: This page show an example of serverless architecture for asynchronous files conversion based on messages, functions, and triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page show an example of serverless architecture for asynchronous file conversion based on messages, functions, and triggers.
```

content:
  h1: Create a serverless architecture that manage large messages, with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing NATS, Serverless Functions and Object Storage.

>   paragraph: This page show an example of serverless architecture for asynchronous files conversion based on messages, functions, and triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page show an example of serverless architecture for asynchronous file conversion based on messages, functions, and triggers.
```

categories:
  - messaging

>   - functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - functions
  - object-storage
```
@SamyOubouaziz can you check these categories are as expected for the products?

tags: message nats serverless serverless-functions functions serverless-triggers triggers storage object-storage terraform large-messages
dates:
  validation: 2024-01-22
  posted: 2024-01-22
---

# Introduction

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />
 
<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [set up authentication for the Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs#authentication)
</Message>

> In this tutorial, we will see how to create a simple architecture that stores images and converts them to PDF automatically. 
> The goal is to understand how to transfer large message through a messaging service. 
> To do this, we will use a NATS server available in the Scaleway messaging service. 
> We will also use the Object storage service to store our images and the Serverless Function service to convert them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will build a basic architecture to store and automatically convert images to PDF. The focus is on transferring large messages using a messaging service, specifically the NATS server from Scaleway. Our setup involves using the Object Storage service for image storage and the Serverless Function service for conversion.
```

> You can retrieve the full source code in [this repository](https://github.com/rouche-q/serverless-examples/tree/main/projects/large-messages/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve the full source code in [this repository](https://github.com/rouche-q/serverless-examples/tree/main/projects/large-messages/README.md), so you can choose to either jump straight into the code, or else follow along with the step-by-step explanation below to create the architecture yourself.
```

> 

Reviewer: One other thing it would be nice to include in the intro:

We show how to provision all the required Scaleway resources via Terraform, but you can also use the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/), the [API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/) or one of our other supported [developer tools](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/).

Author: I agree, done

> ## Prerequisites
> 
> For this tutorial you will need: 
> 
> - Terraform
> - Docker
> - [NATS Cli](https://github.com/nats-io/natscli)
> - [AWS Cli configured with Scaleway credentials](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/storage/object/api-cli/object-storage-aws-cli/#how-to-install-the-aws-cli)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [Terraform](/developer-tools/terraform/quickstart/) installed on your local machine
  - You have [Docker](/tutorials/install-docker-ubuntu-bionic/) installed on your local machine
  - You have [NATS CLI](https://github.com/nats-io/natscli) installed on your local machine
  - You have [AWS CLI configured with Scaleway credentials](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/storage/object/api-cli/object-storage-aws-cli/#how-to-install-the-aws-cli)
</Message>
```

## Architecture

> <Lightbox src="scaleway-large-messages-architecture.webp" alt="" />
> 
> The architecture of this tutorial is very basic. It's structured around 2 elements:
> 
> - A producer which is a shell script that upload the image to the Object Storage bucket and send a message to the NATS server.
> - A consumer which is a serverless function in Python that receive the message, parse it,
>   extract the image url to download it from the bucket, convert it to a PDF and reupload it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Lightbox src="scaleway-large-messages-architecture.webp" alt="" />

This tutorial's architecture is very basic, consisting of two main components:

1. A producer implemented as a shell script responsible for uploading an image to the Object Storage bucket and sending a message to the NATS server.
2. A consumer implemented as a serverless Python function designed to receive the message, parse it, extract the image URL, download it from the bucket, convert it to a PDF, and then re-upload the resulting PDF.
```

Reviewer: Totally agree with the suggestion, I'd just replace "basic" with "simple"

> Between this there important service needed to make everything work together:
> 
> - An object container to store our image file.
> - A Nats server to receive and dispatch the message that our producer send.
> - A trigger NATS that pass our message to our consumer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Three essential services are required to ensure everything is working together:

- An Object Storage bucket for storing the image file.
- A NATS server responsible for receiving and dispatching messages sent by our producer.
- A triggering mechanism in NATS that forwards the message to our consumer.
```

## Prepare the infrastructure

> 1. Create a `main.tf` file and paste this to import required providers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a `main.tf` file and paste the following code to import the necessary providers.
```

    ```terraform
    terraform {
      required_providers {
        scaleway = {
          source = "scaleway/scaleway"
        }
        null = {
          source = "hashicorp/null"
        }
        random = {
          source = "hashicorp/random"
        }
        archive = {
          source = "hashicorp/archive"
        }
      }
      required_version = ">= 0.13"
    }
    ```

>     The Scaleway provider is needed, but also three provider from Hashicorp that we will use later in the tutorial.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The Scaleway provider is needed, but also three providers from HashiCorp that we will use later in the tutorial.
```

> 2. Add two variable to be able to pass your Scaleway credentials as secret and init the Scaleway provider in the region `fr-par-1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Include two variables to enable the secure passage of your Scaleway credentials. Then initialize the Scaleway provider in the `fr-par-1` region..
```

    ```terraform
    variable "scw_access_key_id" {
      type      = string
      sensitive = true
    }

    variable "scw_secret_access_key" {
      type      = string
      sensitive = true
    }

    provider "scaleway" {
      zone = "fr-par-1"
    }
    ```

> 3. Create a `terraform.tfvars` and add your Scaleway access key and access key id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a `terraform.tfvars` file and add your Scaleway access key and access key id to it.
```

    ```terraform
    scw_access_key_id     = "YOUR_SCW_SECRET_KEY_ID"
    scw_secret_access_key = "YOUR_SCW_SECRET_KEY"
    ```

> 4. Still in `main.tf` add this terraform code to create a Object Storage bucket that you will use to store your images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. SContinuing in the `main.tf` file, add the following Terraform code to create an Object Storage bucket that will be used for storing your images.
```

Reviewer: Continuing

    ```terraform
    resource "random_id" "bucket" {
      byte_length = 8
    }

    resource "scaleway_object_bucket" "large_messages" {
      name = "large-messages-${random_id.bucket.hex}"
    }

    resource "scaleway_object_bucket_acl" "large_messages" {
      bucket = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.id
      acl    = "private"
    }

    output "bucket_name" {
      value       = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.name
      description = "Bucket name to use with the producer script"
    }
    ```

>     In this code, the ressource `random_id.bucket` create a random id, that you will pass to object bucket just after to be sure that the bucket name is unique.
>     An `scaleway_object_bucket_acl` is added on the bucket to make it private and output the bucket name to use it in your producer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In this code, the resource `random_id.bucket` generates a random ID, which is then passed to the object bucket to ensure its uniqueness. Additionally, a `scaleway_object_bucket_acl` ACL is applied to the bucket, setting it to private and outputting the bucket name for use in your producer.
```

> 5. Next, add these ressources to create a NATS account an your NATS credential file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Next, add these ressources to create a NATS account and your NATS credential file:
```

Reviewer: I would get rid of "Next", to simplify

Reviewer 3: resources

Author: Done

    ```terraform
    resource "scaleway_mnq_nats_account" "large_messages" {
      name = "nats-acc-large-messages"
    }

    resource "scaleway_mnq_nats_credentials" "large_messages" {
      name       = "nats-large-messages-creds"
      account_id = scaleway_mnq_nats_account.large_messages.id
    }

    resource "local_file" "nats_credential" {
      content         = scaleway_mnq_nats_credentials.large_messages.file
      filename        = "large-messages.creds"
      file_permission = 644
    }

    output "nats_url" {
      value       = scaleway_mnq_nats_account.large_messages.endpoint
      description = "NATS url to use with the producer script"
    }
    ```
    We also output the NATS server url.

> 6. You can run `terraform init` and `terraform apply` to create the ressources in your Scaleway account. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. You can run `terraform init` and `terraform apply` to create the resources in your Scaleway account. 
```

## Create the producer

> As said before, the producer will be a simple shell script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned earlier, the producer will be implemented as a straightforward shell script.
```

> 1. Create a file `upload_img.sh` 
>     In it create two variables that use terraform command to get bucket name and NATS Url:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a file named `upload_img.sh`. Inside it, define two variables using Terraform commands to retrieve the bucket name and the NATS URL.
```

    ```bash
    SCW_BUCKET="$(terraform output bucket_name)"
    SCW_NATS_URL="$(terraform output nats_url)"
    ```

> 2. Next configure the NATS cli with the NATS url and the credentials file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure the NATS CLI with the NATS URL and the credentials file.
```

    ```bash
    nats context save large-messages --server=$SCW_NATS_URL --creds=./large-messages.creds
    nats context select large-messages
    ```
    Our script take the file path that we want to upload as first parameter.

> 3. To upload our file we gonna use the AWS cli configured with Scaleway endpoint and credentials because the Scaleway Object storage is fully compliant with S3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. To upload our file we gonna use the AWS CLI configured with Scaleway endpoint and credentials because the Scaleway Object storage is fully compliant with S3.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upload the file, we will use the AWS CLI configured with the Scaleway endpoint and credentials, because the Scaleway Object storage is fully compliant with S3.
```

>     Pass the path to the AWS cli command like that:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Pass the path to the AWS CLI command like that:
```

>     Pass the path to the AWS cli command like that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Pass the path to the AWS CLI command as follows:
```
```suggestion
    Pass the path to the AWS cli command like that:
```

    ```bash
    aws s3 cp $1 s3://$SCW_BUCKET
    ```

> 4. Past this command to make the script send a message to your NATS server with the name of the uploaded file in it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Paste the following command into the script to have it send a message to your NATS server, including the name of the uploaded file.
```

    ```bash
    nats pub large-messages $(basename $1)
    ```

## Create the consumer

> For the consumer, we will continue to play with the Scaleway ecosystem and we gonna use a Serverless Function in Python.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We continue using the Scaleway ecosystem and deploy the consumer using a Serverless Function in Python.
```

> 1. create a folder `function`, in it create an other folder `handler` with a file named `large_messages.py`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a folder `function`, inside of this folder create an other folder `handler` with a file named `large_messages.py`.
```

Reviewer: "another" should be one word

Author: Done

> 2. Aside from the `handler` folder, create a `requirements.txt` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In addition to the `handler` folder, create a `requirements.txt` file. Your directory structure should resemble the following:
```

    You should have a structure like that:
    ```
    function/
    ├── handler/
    │   └── large_messages.py
    └── requirements.txt
    ```

> 3. In the serverless function we will use two python libraries, `boto3` also configured like AWS cli to download and upload files in the bucket and `img2pdf` to convert our image in pdf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Within the serverless function, we use two Python libraries. First, `boto3` is configured similarly to AWS CLI, enabling the download and upload of files to the bucket. Second, `img2pdf` is used to convert our image into a PDF format.
```

Reviewer: Since this isn't an instruction but an explanation, I'd put it "outside" the numbered step, and make the "In the `requirements.txt` add:" part the numbered step.

Author: Done, i've put the explanation after the requirement.txt content

    In the `requirements.txt` add:
    ```
    boto3
    img2pdf
    ```

> 4. Next create the code of your function. In `large_messages.py`, import the librairies that we need and create a empty handler function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Next create the code of your function. In the file `large_messages.py`, import the librairies that we need and create a empty handler function.
```

Reviewer 3: libraries

    ```python
    import os
    import boto3
    from botocore.exceptions import ClientError
    import img2pdf
    from PIL import Image

    def handle(event, context):
        return {
            "body": {
                "message": "Hello world!"
            },
            "statusCode": 200
        }
    ```

> 5. Before starting the logic of your function you should add a little bit more of terraform code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Before proceeding with the function's logic, improve the Terraform code by adding the follwing code into your `main.tf` file:
```

Reviewer 3: following

>     Go back in `main.tf` and add theses ressources:

Reviewer: Is this line necessary? I think it can be deleted

    ```terraform
    resource "null_resource" "install_dependencies" {
      provisioner "local-exec" {
        command = <<-EOT
          cd function
          [ -d "./function/package" ] && rm -rf ./package
          PYTHON_VERSION=3.11
          docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/home/app/function --workdir /home/app/function rg.fr-par.scw.cloud/scwfunctionsruntimes-public/python-dep:$PYTHON_VERSION \
           pip3 install --upgrade -r requirements.txt --no-cache-dir --target ./package
          cd ..
        EOT
      }

      triggers = {
        hash = filesha256("./function/handler/large_messages.py")
      }
    }

    data "archive_file" "function_zip" {
      type        = "zip"
      source_dir  = "./function"
      output_path = "./function.zip"

      depends_on = [null_resource.install_dependencies]
    }
    ```

>     The `null_resource` is used to download and package the good versions of the libraries that we use with the function, you can learn more about that in the [Scaleway documentation.](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip/#specific-libraries-(with-needs-for-specific-c-compiled-code))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The `null_resource` is used to download and package the good versions of the libraries that we use with the function, you can learn more about that in the [Scaleway documentation.](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip/#specific-libraries-(with-needs-for-specific-c-compiled-code).
```

>     The `null_resource` is used to download and package the good versions of the libraries that we use with the function, you can learn more about that in the [Scaleway documentation.](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip/#specific-libraries-(with-needs-for-specific-c-compiled-code))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `null_resource` is used to download and package the correct versions of the libraries that we use with the function. Learn more about this in the [Scaleway documentation.](/serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip/#specific-libraries-(with-needs-for-specific-c-compiled-code))
```

6. Create the function namespace.
    ```terraform
    resource "scaleway_function_namespace" "large_messages" {
      name        = "large-messages-function"
      description = "Large messages namespace"
    }
    ```

> 7. Add the ressource to setup the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Add the resource to set up the function.
```

    ```terraform
    resource "scaleway_function" "large_messages" {
      namespace_id = scaleway_function_namespace.large_messages.id
      runtime      = "python311"
      handler      = "handler/large_messages.handle"
      privacy      = "private"
      zip_file     = "function.zip"
      zip_hash     = data.archive_file.function_zip.output_sha256
      deploy       = true
      memory_limit = "2048"
      environment_variables = {
        ENDPOINT_URL  = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.api_endpoint
        BUCKET_REGION = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.region
        BUCKET_NAME   = scaleway_object_bucket.large_messages.name
      }
      secret_environment_variables = {
        ACCESS_KEY_ID     = var.scw_access_key_id
        SECRET_ACCESS_KEY = var.scw_secret_access_key
      }

      depends_on = [data.archive_file.function_zip]
    }
    ```

>     The ressource create and link the function in the namespace. It set the runtime to python3.11 and the handler (the function to run in the python file).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The code sets up the function and connects it to the namespace. It tells the system to use Python version 3.11 and specifies which part of the Python file should run (the handler). It also adds important information, like environment variables and secrets, that our function will need to work correctly.
```

    Essential environment variables and secret to use in our function logic are also added.

8. Create the function trigger to "wake up" the function when a NATS message come in.
    ```terraform
    resource "scaleway_function_trigger" "large_messages" {
      function_id = scaleway_function.large_messages.id
      name        = "large-messages-trigger"
      nats {
        account_id = scaleway_mnq_nats_account.large_messages.id
      subject    = "large-messages"
      } 
    } 
    ```
    It define which account id and subject to observe for getting messages.

9. Go back to `large_messages.py` and get the environment variables outside the `hamdler` function
    ```python
    endpoint_url = os.getenv("ENDPOINT_URL")
    bucket_region = os.getenv("BUCKET_REGION")
    bucket_name = os.getenv("BUCKET_NAME")
    access_key_id = os.getenv("ACCESS_KEY_ID")
    secret_access_key = os.getenv("SECRET_ACCESS_KEY")
    ```

> 10. Get input file name from the body, define the pdf file name form this and set up the s3 client to upload the file with Scaleway credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Get the input file name from the body, define the PDF file name from this and set up the s3 client to upload the file with Scaleway credentials.
```

    ```python
    input_file = event['body']
    output_file = os.path.splitext(input_file)[0] + ".pdf"
    s3 = boto3.client('s3', endpoint_url=endpoint_url,
                      region_name=bucket_region,
                      aws_access_key_id=access_key_id,
                      aws_secret_access_key=secret_access_key
    ```

11. Outside the `handle` function, create a new function `convert_img_to_pdf`.
    ```python
    def convert_img_to_pdf(img_path, pdf_path):
        image = Image.open(img_path)
        pdf_bytes = img2pdf.convert(image.filename)
        file = open(pdf_path, "wb")
        file.write(pdf_bytes)
        image.close()
        file.close()
        print("Successfully made pdf file")
    ```

> 12. Download the image form the bucket using the s3 client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Download the image from the bucket using the s3 client.
```

Reviewer 3: S3 client

    ```python
    s3.download_file(bucket_name, input_file, input_file)
    print("Object " + input_file + " downloaded")
    ```

13. Convert the image with the dedicated function and reupload it in the bucket.
    ```python
    convert_img_to_pdf(input_file, output_file)
    s3.upload_file(output_file, bucket_name, output_file)
    print("Object " + input_file + " uploaded")
    ```

> 14. Put a `try/except` around the code to handle gracefully any error coming from the s3 client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Put a `try/except` around the code to gracefully handle any errors coming from the S3 client.
```

    ```python
    try:
        s3.download_file(bucket_name, input_file, input_file)
        print("Object " + input_file + " downloaded")
        convert_img_to_pdf(input_file, output_file)
        s3.upload_file(output_file, bucket_name, output_file)
        print("Object " + input_file + " uploaded")
    except ClientError as e:
        print(e)
      return {
            "body": {
               "message": e.response['Error']['Message']
            },
            "statusCode": e.response['Error']['Code']
        }
    ```

## Test your work

> All the infrastructure and the code of your function is ready, you can test your converter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the infrastructure and the code of your function is ready, and you can now test your converter.
```

```bash
# Make sure your infrastructure is provisioned
terraform init
terraform apply

# Use your producer script
./upload_img.sh test.png #It can be any type of image
```

## Conclusion, going further

> In this basic tutorial, we've shown how to use the NATS server from Messaging and Queuing and other servicefrom the Scaleway ecosystem to transfer large messages that exceed the maximum size of usual message.
> 
> You can extend to this tutorial to other use case like:
> - Convert other type of document like `docx`` or 
> - Send an url directly to NATS and convert html to pdf

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this introductory tutorial, we have demonstrated the usage of the NATS server for Messaging and Queuing, along with other services from the Scaleway ecosystem, to facilitate the transfer of large messages surpassing the typical size constraints. There are possibilities to expand upon this tutorial for various use cases, such as:

- Extending the conversion capabilities to handle different document types like `docx`.
- Directly sending of URLs to NATS and converting HTML content to PDF.
```

Reviewer 3: Sending of URLs directly
